8-K Far Peak Acquisition Corp RI false 0001829426 0001829426 2022-06-29 2022-06-29 0001829426 fpac:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneThirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2022-06-29 2022-06-29 0001829426 us-gaap:CapitalUnitClassAMember 2022-06-29 2022-06-29 0001829426 fpac:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50Member 2022-06-29 2022-06-29 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 29, 2022 FAR PEAK ACQUISITION CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands 001-39749 98-1563569 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 511 6th Ave #7342 New York , New York 10011 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (917) 737-1541 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☒ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant FPAC.U The New York Stock Exchange Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share FPAC The New York Stock Exchange Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 FPAC.W The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 Entry Into A Material Definitive Agreement. As previously announced, Far Peak Acquisition Corporation (the “Company” or “FPAC”) entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2021 (the “Original Business Combination Agreement”), by and among (i) the Company, (ii) Bullish, a Cayman Islands exempted company (“Bullish”), (iii) BMC1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bullish (“Merger Sub 1”), (iv) BMC2, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bullish (“Merger Sub 2”, and together with Merger Sub 1, the “Merger Subs”) and (v) Bullish Global, a Cayman Islands exempted company (“Bullish Global”), pursuant to which, each of the Company and Bullish Global would merge with a Merger Sub, respectively, and Bullish would continue as the publicly traded holding company of the combined companies (the “Transactions”). Under the Original Business Combination Agreement, each of the Company and Bullish had the right to terminate the Original Business Combination Agreement if the Transactions had not been consummated by March 8, 2022 (the “Outside Date”). In order to facilitate the completion of the Transactions, on March 7, 2022, the Company, Bullish, the Merger Subs and Bullish Global entered into an amendment to the Original Business Combination Agreement to extend the Outside Date to May 9, 2022 (the “First Business Combination Agreement Amendment”). On May 6, 2022, the Company, Bullish, the Merger Subs and Bullish Global entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement (the “Second Business Combination Agreement Amendment” together with the Original Business Combination Agreement and the First Business Combination Agreement Amendment, the “Business Combination Agreement”) to further extend the Outside Date to July 8, 2022. On June 29, 2022, the Company, Bullish, the Merger Subs and Bullish Global entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement (the “Third Business Combination Agreement Amendment”) to further extend the Outside Date to December 31, 2022 in order to facilitate the completion of the Transactions. Additionally, as consideration for the Company’s agreement to enter into the Third Business Combination Agreement Amendment, Bullish Global paid a $2.5 million extension fee at the time of signing. The fee will be used for working capital of FPAC. No other changes were made to the Business Combination Agreement. A copy of the Third Business Combination Agreement Amendment is filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1 and the foregoing description of the Third Business Combination Agreement Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure On June 29, 2022, the Company and Bullish issued a joint press release announcing the Third Business Combination Agreement Amendment to extend the Outside Date to December 31, 2022 (the “Press Release”). The Press Release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Forward-Looking Statements This communication includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of FPAC and Bullish Global may be considered, “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or FPAC’s or Bullish’s future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “will,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue,” or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. In addition, these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Bullish Global’s business strategy, cash resources, current and prospective product or services, as well as the potential market opportunity. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by FPAC and its management, and Bullish Global and its management, as the case may be, are inherently uncertain. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the definitive agreements respecting the Business Combination; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against FPAC, Bullish or Bullish Global or others following the announcement of the Business Combination; (3) the inability to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of FPAC or to satisfy other conditions to closing; (4) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; (5) the ability of Bullish to meet applicable listing standards following the consummation of the Business Combination; (6) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Bullish Global as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; (7) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (8) costs related to the Business Combination; (9) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (10) the possibility that Bullish may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (11) the impact of COVID-19 on Bullish Global’s business and/or the ability of the parties to complete the Business Combination; and (12) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in the Bullish Investor Presentation dated July 2021, in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus included in the registration statement on Form F-4, as amended (File No. 333-260659) (the “Registration Statement”) filed by Bullish with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in the Registration Statement referred to below and in FPACs Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as filed on December 17, 2021, as well as any further risks and uncertainties to be contained in any other material filed with the SEC by Bullish or FPAC. In addition, there may be additional risks that neither FPAC or Bullish Global presently know, or that FPAC or Bullish Global currently believe are immaterial, that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Neither FPAC, Bullish nor Bullish Global undertakes any duty to update these forward-looking statements. Important Information and Where to Find It This document does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed Business Combination. It does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. It is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the proposed Business Combination. In connection with the proposed Business Combination, Bullish has filed the Registration Statement with the SEC which includes a preliminary proxy statement / prospectus with respect to the Business Combination. After the Registration Statement is declared effective, the definitive proxy statement / prospectus and other relevant documentation will be mailed to FPAC shareholders as of a record date to be established for purposes of voting on the Business Combination. FPAC shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read the preliminary proxy statement / prospectus and any amendments thereto, when available, and the definitive proxy statement / prospectus because these materials contain and will contain important information about Bullish, FPAC and the proposed transactions. Shareholders may obtain a copy of the preliminary proxy statement / prospectus and, when available, the definitive proxy statement / prospectus without charge, at the SEC’s website at http://sec.gov or by directing a request to: Far Peak Acquisition Corp., 511 6th Ave #7342, New York, NY 10011. INVESTMENT IN ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY NOR HAS ANY AUTHORITY PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. Participants in the Solicitation FPAC, Bullish and their respective directors and executive officers, other members of management and employees may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the proposed Business Combination under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of FPAC, and other persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the solicitation of the shareholders in connection with the potential transaction and a description of their interests is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is for informational purpose only and not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the potential transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of Bullish or FPAC, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2022, by and among the Company, Bullish, Bullish Global, BMC1 and BMC2. 99.1 Press Release, dated June 29, 2022 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. FAR PEAK ACQUISITION CORP. Dated: June 29, 2022 By: /s/ David W. Bonanno Name: David W. Bonanno Title: Chief Financial Officer and Secretary