8-K Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share SIVB BX false 0000719739 0000719739 2023-06-17 2023-06-17 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 17, 2023 SVB Financial Group (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware 001-39154 91-1962278 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 3003 Tasman Drive Santa Clara , California 95054-1191 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (408) 654-7400 (Company’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None N/A N/A Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. As previously reported, on March 17, 2023, SVB Financial Group (the “Company”) filed a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Bankruptcy Court”) for relief under the provisions of Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”). The Company’s case is administered under the caption In re SVB Financial Group, Case No: 23-10367 (the “Chapter 11 Case”). The Company is continuing to operate its remaining businesses, including SVB Capital, its venture capital and private credit fund business, and SVB Securities, an investment banking business, as a debtor in possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. On June 17, 2023, the Company entered into a definitive purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with the management team bidder group led by Jeff Leerink, SVB Securities’ Chief Executive Officer and Founder, and backed by funds managed by The Baupost Group L.L.C., for the sale of SVB Securities. The Purchase Agreement for the management-led buyout was selected as the successful bid for SVB Securities following a competitive bidding process conducted under procedures approved by the Bankruptcy Court. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the bidder group will acquire the SVB Securities investment banking business for a combination of cash, the assumption of certain liabilities, and a synthetic equity instrument initially representing a 5% equity interest in the direct parent of the buyer entity. The Purchase Agreement is subject to final approval of the Bankruptcy Court and regulatory approval, as well as other customary closing conditions. MoffettNathanson LLC, a sell-side research business owned by the Company, is not included in the transaction and will remain part of SVB Financial Group. A hearing to seek required Bankruptcy Court approval is scheduled for June 29, 2023, and the transaction is expected to close shortly thereafter. SVB Financial Group is continuing to evaluate strategic alternatives for SVB Capital and the Company’s other assets and investments. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. The Purchase Agreement has been filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors and security holders with information regarding the terms of the Purchase Agreement. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for purposes of the Purchase Agreement and as of the specific date therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement and may be subject to important limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The representations and warranties may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Purchase Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Purchase Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company or its subsidiaries. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of such representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement containing them, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company’s public disclosures. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. On June 18, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing its entry into the Purchase Agreement for the sale of SVB Securities. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. The information contained in this Item 7.01 is being “furnished” and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company’s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except to the extent expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Forward-Looking Statements Various statements in this Form 8-K or documents referred to herein, including those that express a belief, expectation, target or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and/or the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as applicable. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this filing that address activities, events or developments that the Company expects, believes, targets or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond the Company’s control. The Company’s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and other factors, which include the following: the failure to obtain approval of the Purchase Agreement by the Bankruptcy Court, or, if the Purchase Agreement is approved by the Bankruptcy Court, to consummate the transaction, risks and uncertainties relating to the Chapter 11 Case, including but not limited to, the effects of the Chapter 11 Case on the Company and on the interests of various constituents, Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Case and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Case in general, the duration of the Chapter 11 Case, risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Case, risks related to the trading of the Company’s securities on the OTC Pink Market, the risk that the Chapter 11 Case may be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, as well as other risk factors. The Company therefore cautions readers against relying on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on the Company’s behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such statements speak only as of the date made, and, except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Interest and Purchase Agreement between SVB Financial Group, SVB Securities Holdings LLC and Saffron Buyer LLC, dated June 17, 2023 99.1 Press Release of SVB Financial Group Announcing Agreement to Sell SVB Securities, dated June 18, 2023 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. SVB Financial Group (Company) Date: June 21, 2023 By: /s/ Nicholas Grossi Name: Nicholas Grossi Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer